'\" t
.\"
.\" Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.
.\" SUN PROPRIETARY/CONFIDENTIAL. Use is subject to license terms.
.\"
.TH native2ascii 1 "13 July 2000"
.SH NAME
native2ascii \- native to ASCII converter
.\" 
.\" This comment retained for historical purposes only: 
.\"  This document was originally created by saving an HTML file as text
.\"  from the JavaSoft web site:
.\" 
.\" http://java.sun.com/products/jdk/1.2/docs/tooldocs/tools.html
.\" 
.\"  and adding appropriate troff macros.
.\" 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B native2ascii 
[
.B \-encoding
.IR encoding_name ]
[ 
.B \-reverse
] 
.if n .ti +5n 
[
.IR inputfile " [" outputfile "]]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IX "native to ASCII converter" "" "native to ASCII converter \(em \fLnative2ascii\fP"
.IX "native2ascii" "" "\fLnative2ascii\fP \(em native to ASCII converter"
The 
.BR javac (1) 
compiler and other Java\(tm tools can only process files
that contain Latin-1 or Unicode-encoded (\\udddd notation)
characters.
The 
.B native2ascii 
command converts files that contain other
character encoding into files containing Latin-1 or
Unicode-encoded charaters.
.LP
If
.I outputfile 
is omitted, standard output is used for output.
If
.I inputfile 
is also omitted, standard input is used for input.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are supported:
.TP 15
.B \-encoding \f2encoding_name\f1
Specifies the encoding name that is used by the conversion
procedure.
The default encoding is taken from system property
.BR file.encoding .
The
.I encoding_name 
string must be one 
taken from the first column of the table of supported
encodings in the Supported Encodings document:

http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.3/docs/guide/intl/encoding.doc.html
.TP 15
.B \-reverse
Performs the reverse operation: converts a file with Latin-1
or Unicode-encoded characters to one with native-encoded
characters.


